how did viewing a FC between two versions help you spot the bug?
	FC checks for differences between two files, hence when there is typo in new file FC shows this as a difference. 
	In this way it was helpful to spot the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	After making some change in code, if it crashes the previosly working program then keeping the history would help to restore back to previous version.
	we can see how software evolved by maintaining the history.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	pros: commits are done at logical points.
	cons: might loose some data in case of failure, in that case auto save is good option.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	because git is meant for storing code, project, which is most of the times collection of files.
	this files are most of the times interrelated hence it makes sence to saving multiple files in one commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log 				: will show all the previous commits and message
	git log --stat			: will show all the previous commits as well as differences of each commit from previous commit
	git diff id_old id_new 	: will show differences in the new file from previous commit '-' means deleted, '+' means added line.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	because I am sure, even if I break something I can go back to previous working version and re do from there	

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I am making projects for udacity nanodegree and I want all them to be version controlled.
	I am also making course project on Web Technology which I want to be version controlled.	